data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/autogit                                       autogit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/autogit                                       autogit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pyterm                                        pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/adb                                 pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/coc-settings.json                   pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/dl.sh                               pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/exist.sh                            pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/init.vim                            pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/main                                pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pyterm                                        pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/adb                                 pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/add.sh                              pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/browser.py                          pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/coc-settings.json                   pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/db/links.db                         pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/db/user.db                          pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/dl.sh                               pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/exist.sh                            pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/init.vim                            pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/main                                pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/main.py                             pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/xtra.py                             pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pyterm                                        pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/adb                                 pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/coc-settings.json                   pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/db/user.db                          pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/dl.sh                               pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/exist.sh                            pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/init.vim                            pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/login                               pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/main                                pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/main.py                             pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/pyterm/xtra.py                             pyterm
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-adduser                                termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/db/user.db                  termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/bin/Activate.ps1 termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/bin/activate termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/bin/activate.csh termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/bin/activate.fish termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/bin/pip  termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/bin/pip3 termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/bin/pip3.11 termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/bin/python termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/bin/python3 termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/bin/python3.11 termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/_distutils_hack/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/_distutils_hack/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/_distutils_hack/__pycache__/override.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/_distutils_hack/override.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/distutils-precedence.pth termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip-24.0.dist-info/AUTHORS.txt termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip-24.0.dist-info/INSTALLER termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip-24.0.dist-info/LICENSE.txt termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip-24.0.dist-info/METADATA termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip-24.0.dist-info/RECORD termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip-24.0.dist-info/REQUESTED termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip-24.0.dist-info/WHEEL termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip-24.0.dist-info/entry_points.txt termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip-24.0.dist-info/top_level.txt termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/__main__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/__pip-runner__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/__pycache__/__pip-runner__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/__pycache__/build_env.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/__pycache__/cache.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/__pycache__/configuration.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/__pycache__/pyproject.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/__pycache__/self_outdated_check.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/__pycache__/wheel_builder.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/build_env.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cache.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/__pycache__/autocompletion.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/__pycache__/base_command.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/__pycache__/cmdoptions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/__pycache__/command_context.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/__pycache__/main.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/__pycache__/main_parser.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/__pycache__/parser.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/__pycache__/progress_bars.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/__pycache__/req_command.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/__pycache__/spinners.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/__pycache__/status_codes.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/autocompletion.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/base_command.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/cmdoptions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/command_context.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/main.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/main_parser.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/parser.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/progress_bars.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/req_command.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/spinners.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/cli/status_codes.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/cache.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/check.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/completion.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/configuration.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/debug.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/download.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/freeze.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/hash.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/help.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/index.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/inspect.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/install.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/list.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/search.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/show.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/uninstall.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/__pycache__/wheel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/cache.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/check.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/completion.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/configuration.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/debug.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/download.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/freeze.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/hash.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/help.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/index.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/inspect.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/install.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/list.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/search.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/show.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/uninstall.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/commands/wheel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/configuration.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/distributions/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/distributions/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/distributions/__pycache__/base.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/distributions/__pycache__/installed.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/distributions/__pycache__/sdist.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/distributions/__pycache__/wheel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/distributions/base.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/distributions/installed.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/distributions/sdist.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/distributions/wheel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/exceptions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/index/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/index/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/index/__pycache__/collector.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/index/__pycache__/package_finder.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/index/__pycache__/sources.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/index/collector.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/index/package_finder.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/index/sources.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/locations/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/locations/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/locations/__pycache__/_distutils.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/locations/__pycache__/_sysconfig.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/locations/__pycache__/base.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/locations/_distutils.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/locations/_sysconfig.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/locations/base.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/main.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/__pycache__/_json.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/__pycache__/base.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/__pycache__/pkg_resources.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/_json.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/base.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/importlib/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/importlib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/importlib/__pycache__/_compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/importlib/__pycache__/_dists.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/importlib/__pycache__/_envs.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/importlib/_compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/importlib/_dists.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/importlib/_envs.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/metadata/pkg_resources.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/__pycache__/candidate.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/__pycache__/direct_url.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/__pycache__/format_control.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/__pycache__/index.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/__pycache__/installation_report.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/__pycache__/link.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/__pycache__/scheme.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/__pycache__/search_scope.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/__pycache__/selection_prefs.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/__pycache__/target_python.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/__pycache__/wheel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/candidate.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/direct_url.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/format_control.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/index.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/installation_report.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/link.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/scheme.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/search_scope.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/selection_prefs.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/target_python.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/models/wheel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/__pycache__/auth.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/__pycache__/cache.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/__pycache__/download.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/__pycache__/lazy_wheel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/__pycache__/session.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/__pycache__/utils.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/__pycache__/xmlrpc.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/auth.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/cache.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/download.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/lazy_wheel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/session.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/utils.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/network/xmlrpc.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/__pycache__/check.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/__pycache__/freeze.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/__pycache__/prepare.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/__pycache__/build_tracker.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/__pycache__/metadata.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/__pycache__/metadata_editable.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/__pycache__/metadata_legacy.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/__pycache__/wheel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/__pycache__/wheel_editable.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/__pycache__/wheel_legacy.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/build_tracker.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/metadata.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/metadata_editable.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/metadata_legacy.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/wheel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/wheel_editable.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/build/wheel_legacy.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/check.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/freeze.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/install/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/install/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/install/__pycache__/editable_legacy.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/install/__pycache__/wheel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/install/editable_legacy.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/install/wheel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/operations/prepare.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/pyproject.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/req/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/req/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/req/__pycache__/constructors.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/req/__pycache__/req_file.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/req/__pycache__/req_install.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/req/__pycache__/req_set.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/req/__pycache__/req_uninstall.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/req/constructors.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/req/req_file.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/req/req_install.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/req/req_set.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/req/req_uninstall.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/__pycache__/base.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/base.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/legacy/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/legacy/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/legacy/__pycache__/resolver.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/legacy/resolver.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/__pycache__/base.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/__pycache__/candidates.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/__pycache__/factory.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/__pycache__/found_candidates.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/__pycache__/provider.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/__pycache__/reporter.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/__pycache__/requirements.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/__pycache__/resolver.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/base.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/candidates.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/factory.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/found_candidates.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/provider.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/reporter.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/requirements.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/resolution/resolvelib/resolver.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/self_outdated_check.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/_jaraco_text.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/_log.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/appdirs.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/compatibility_tags.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/datetime.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/deprecation.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/direct_url_helpers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/egg_link.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/encoding.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/entrypoints.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/filesystem.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/filetypes.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/glibc.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/hashes.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/logging.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/misc.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/models.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/packaging.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/setuptools_build.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/temp_dir.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/unpacking.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/urls.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/virtualenv.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/__pycache__/wheel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/_jaraco_text.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/_log.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/appdirs.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/compatibility_tags.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/datetime.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/deprecation.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/direct_url_helpers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/egg_link.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/encoding.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/entrypoints.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/filesystem.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/filetypes.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/glibc.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/hashes.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/logging.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/misc.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/models.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/packaging.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/setuptools_build.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/subprocess.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/temp_dir.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/unpacking.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/urls.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/virtualenv.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/utils/wheel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/vcs/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/vcs/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/vcs/__pycache__/bazaar.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/vcs/__pycache__/git.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/vcs/__pycache__/mercurial.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/vcs/__pycache__/subversion.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/vcs/__pycache__/versioncontrol.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/vcs/bazaar.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/vcs/git.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/vcs/mercurial.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/vcs/subversion.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/vcs/versioncontrol.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_internal/wheel_builder.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/__pycache__/six.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/__pycache__/typing_extensions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/__pycache__/_cmd.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/__pycache__/adapter.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/__pycache__/cache.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/__pycache__/controller.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/__pycache__/filewrapper.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/__pycache__/heuristics.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/__pycache__/serialize.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/__pycache__/wrapper.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/_cmd.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/adapter.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/cache.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/caches/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/caches/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/caches/__pycache__/file_cache.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/caches/__pycache__/redis_cache.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/caches/file_cache.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/caches/redis_cache.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/controller.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/filewrapper.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/heuristics.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/serialize.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/cachecontrol/wrapper.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/certifi/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/certifi/__main__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/certifi/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/certifi/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/certifi/__pycache__/core.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/certifi/cacert.pem termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/certifi/core.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/certifi/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/big5freq.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/big5prober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/chardistribution.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/charsetgroupprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/charsetprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/codingstatemachine.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/codingstatemachinedict.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/cp949prober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/enums.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/escprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/escsm.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/eucjpprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/euckrfreq.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/euckrprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/euctwfreq.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/euctwprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/gb2312freq.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/gb2312prober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/hebrewprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/jisfreq.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/johabfreq.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/johabprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/jpcntx.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/langbulgarianmodel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/langgreekmodel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/langhebrewmodel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/langhungarianmodel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/langrussianmodel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/langthaimodel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/langturkishmodel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/latin1prober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/macromanprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/mbcharsetprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/mbcsgroupprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/mbcssm.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/resultdict.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/sbcharsetprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/sbcsgroupprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/sjisprober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/universaldetector.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/utf1632prober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/utf8prober.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/big5freq.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/big5prober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/chardistribution.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/charsetgroupprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/charsetprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/cli/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/cli/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/cli/__pycache__/chardetect.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/cli/chardetect.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/codingstatemachine.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/codingstatemachinedict.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/cp949prober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/enums.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/escprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/escsm.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/eucjpprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/euckrfreq.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/euckrprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/euctwfreq.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/euctwprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/gb2312freq.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/gb2312prober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/hebrewprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/jisfreq.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/johabfreq.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/johabprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/jpcntx.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/langbulgarianmodel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/langgreekmodel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/langhebrewmodel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/langhungarianmodel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/langrussianmodel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/langthaimodel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/langturkishmodel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/latin1prober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/macromanprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/mbcharsetprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/mbcsgroupprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/mbcssm.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/metadata/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/metadata/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/metadata/__pycache__/languages.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/metadata/languages.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/resultdict.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/sbcharsetprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/sbcsgroupprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/sjisprober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/universaldetector.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/utf1632prober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/utf8prober.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/chardet/version.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/__pycache__/ansi.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/__pycache__/ansitowin32.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/__pycache__/initialise.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/__pycache__/win32.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/__pycache__/winterm.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/ansi.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/ansitowin32.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/initialise.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/__pycache__/ansi_test.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/__pycache__/ansitowin32_test.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/__pycache__/initialise_test.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/__pycache__/isatty_test.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/__pycache__/utils.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/__pycache__/winterm_test.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/ansi_test.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/ansitowin32_test.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/initialise_test.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/isatty_test.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/utils.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/tests/winterm_test.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/win32.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/colorama/winterm.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__pycache__/compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__pycache__/database.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__pycache__/index.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__pycache__/locators.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__pycache__/manifest.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__pycache__/markers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__pycache__/metadata.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__pycache__/resources.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__pycache__/scripts.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/__pycache__/wheel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/database.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/index.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/locators.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/manifest.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/markers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/metadata.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/resources.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/scripts.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/t32.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/t64-arm.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/t64.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/util.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/version.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/w32.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/w64-arm.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/w64.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distlib/wheel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distro/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distro/__main__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distro/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distro/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distro/__pycache__/distro.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distro/distro.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/distro/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/__pycache__/codec.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/__pycache__/compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/__pycache__/core.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/__pycache__/idnadata.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/__pycache__/intranges.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/__pycache__/package_data.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/__pycache__/uts46data.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/codec.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/core.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/idnadata.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/intranges.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/package_data.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/idna/uts46data.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/msgpack/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/msgpack/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/msgpack/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/msgpack/__pycache__/ext.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/msgpack/__pycache__/fallback.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/msgpack/exceptions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/msgpack/ext.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/msgpack/fallback.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/__about__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/__about__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/_manylinux.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/_musllinux.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/_structures.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/markers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/requirements.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/specifiers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/tags.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/utils.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/_manylinux.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/_musllinux.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/_structures.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/markers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/requirements.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/specifiers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/tags.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/utils.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/packaging/version.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pkg_resources/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pkg_resources/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/__main__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/__pycache__/android.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/__pycache__/api.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/__pycache__/macos.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/__pycache__/unix.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/__pycache__/windows.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/android.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/api.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/macos.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/unix.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/version.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/platformdirs/windows.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__main__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/cmdline.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/console.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/filter.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/formatter.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/lexer.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/modeline.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/plugin.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/regexopt.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/scanner.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/sphinxext.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/style.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/token.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/unistring.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/cmdline.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/console.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/filter.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/filters/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/filters/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatter.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/_mapping.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/bbcode.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/groff.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/html.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/img.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/irc.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/latex.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/other.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/pangomarkup.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/rtf.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/svg.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/terminal.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/__pycache__/terminal256.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/_mapping.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/bbcode.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/groff.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/html.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/img.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/irc.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/latex.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/other.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/pangomarkup.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/rtf.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/svg.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/terminal.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/formatters/terminal256.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/lexer.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/lexers/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/lexers/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/lexers/__pycache__/_mapping.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/lexers/__pycache__/python.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/lexers/_mapping.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/lexers/python.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/modeline.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/plugin.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/regexopt.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/scanner.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/sphinxext.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/style.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/styles/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/styles/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/token.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/unistring.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pygments/util.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/actions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/common.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/core.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/helpers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/results.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/testing.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/unicode.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/actions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/common.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/core.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/diagram/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/diagram/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/exceptions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/helpers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/results.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/testing.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/unicode.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyparsing/util.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyproject_hooks/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyproject_hooks/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyproject_hooks/__pycache__/_compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyproject_hooks/__pycache__/_impl.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyproject_hooks/_compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyproject_hooks/_impl.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyproject_hooks/_in_process/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyproject_hooks/_in_process/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyproject_hooks/_in_process/__pycache__/_in_process.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyproject_hooks/_in_process/_in_process.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/__version__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/_internal_utils.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/adapters.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/api.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/auth.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/certs.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/cookies.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/help.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/hooks.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/models.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/packages.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/sessions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/status_codes.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/structures.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__pycache__/utils.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/__version__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/_internal_utils.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/adapters.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/api.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/auth.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/certs.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/cookies.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/exceptions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/help.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/hooks.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/models.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/packages.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/sessions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/status_codes.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/structures.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/requests/utils.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/__pycache__/providers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/__pycache__/reporters.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/__pycache__/resolvers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/__pycache__/structs.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/compat/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/compat/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/compat/__pycache__/collections_abc.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/compat/collections_abc.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/providers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/reporters.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/resolvers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/resolvelib/structs.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__main__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_cell_widths.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_emoji_codes.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_emoji_replace.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_export_format.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_extension.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_fileno.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_inspect.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_log_render.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_loop.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_null_file.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_palettes.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_pick.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_ratio.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_spinners.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_stack.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_timer.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_win32_console.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_windows.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_windows_renderer.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/_wrap.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/align.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/ansi.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/bar.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/box.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/cells.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/color.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/color_triplet.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/columns.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/console.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/constrain.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/containers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/control.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/default_styles.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/diagnose.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/emoji.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/file_proxy.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/filesize.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/highlighter.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/json.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/jupyter.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/layout.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/live.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/live_render.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/logging.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/markup.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/measure.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/padding.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/pager.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/palette.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/panel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/pretty.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/progress.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/progress_bar.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/prompt.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/protocol.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/region.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/repr.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/rule.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/scope.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/screen.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/segment.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/spinner.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/status.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/style.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/styled.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/syntax.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/table.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/terminal_theme.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/text.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/theme.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/themes.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/traceback.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/__pycache__/tree.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_cell_widths.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_emoji_codes.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_emoji_replace.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_export_format.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_extension.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_fileno.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_inspect.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_log_render.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_loop.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_null_file.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_palettes.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_pick.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_ratio.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_spinners.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_stack.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_timer.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_win32_console.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_windows.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_windows_renderer.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/_wrap.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/abc.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/align.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/ansi.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/bar.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/box.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/cells.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/color.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/color_triplet.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/columns.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/console.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/constrain.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/containers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/control.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/default_styles.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/diagnose.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/emoji.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/errors.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/file_proxy.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/filesize.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/highlighter.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/json.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/jupyter.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/layout.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/live.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/live_render.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/logging.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/markup.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/measure.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/padding.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/pager.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/palette.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/panel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/pretty.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/progress.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/progress_bar.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/prompt.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/protocol.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/region.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/repr.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/rule.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/scope.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/screen.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/segment.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/spinner.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/status.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/style.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/styled.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/syntax.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/table.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/terminal_theme.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/text.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/theme.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/themes.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/traceback.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/rich/tree.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/six.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/__pycache__/_asyncio.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/__pycache__/_utils.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/__pycache__/after.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/__pycache__/before.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/__pycache__/before_sleep.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/__pycache__/nap.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/__pycache__/retry.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/__pycache__/stop.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/__pycache__/tornadoweb.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/__pycache__/wait.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/_asyncio.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/_utils.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/after.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/before.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/before_sleep.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/nap.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/retry.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/stop.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/tornadoweb.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tenacity/wait.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tomli/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tomli/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tomli/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tomli/__pycache__/_re.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tomli/__pycache__/_types.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tomli/_parser.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tomli/_re.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tomli/_types.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/tomli/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/truststore/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/truststore/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/truststore/__pycache__/_api.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/truststore/__pycache__/_macos.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/truststore/__pycache__/_openssl.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/truststore/__pycache__/_ssl_constants.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/truststore/__pycache__/_windows.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/truststore/_api.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/truststore/_macos.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/truststore/_openssl.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/truststore/_ssl_constants.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/truststore/_windows.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/truststore/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/typing_extensions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/__pycache__/_collections.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/__pycache__/_version.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/__pycache__/connectionpool.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/__pycache__/fields.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/__pycache__/filepost.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/__pycache__/poolmanager.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/__pycache__/request.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/__pycache__/response.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/_collections.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/_version.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/connection.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/connectionpool.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/__pycache__/_appengine_environ.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/__pycache__/appengine.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/__pycache__/ntlmpool.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/__pycache__/pyopenssl.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/__pycache__/securetransport.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/__pycache__/socks.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/_appengine_environ.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/_securetransport/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/_securetransport/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/_securetransport/__pycache__/bindings.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/_securetransport/__pycache__/low_level.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/_securetransport/bindings.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/_securetransport/low_level.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/appengine.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/ntlmpool.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/pyopenssl.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/securetransport.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/contrib/socks.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/exceptions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/fields.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/filepost.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/packages/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/packages/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/packages/__pycache__/six.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/packages/backports/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/packages/backports/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/packages/backports/__pycache__/makefile.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/packages/backports/__pycache__/weakref_finalize.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/packages/backports/makefile.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/packages/backports/weakref_finalize.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/packages/six.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/poolmanager.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/request.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/response.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__pycache__/connection.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__pycache__/proxy.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__pycache__/queue.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__pycache__/request.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__pycache__/response.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__pycache__/retry.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__pycache__/ssl_.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__pycache__/ssl_match_hostname.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__pycache__/ssltransport.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__pycache__/timeout.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__pycache__/url.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/__pycache__/wait.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/connection.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/proxy.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/queue.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/request.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/response.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/retry.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/ssl_.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/ssl_match_hostname.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/ssltransport.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/timeout.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/url.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/urllib3/util/wait.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/vendor.txt termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/webencodings/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/webencodings/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/webencodings/__pycache__/labels.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/webencodings/__pycache__/mklabels.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/webencodings/__pycache__/tests.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/webencodings/__pycache__/x_user_defined.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/webencodings/labels.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/webencodings/mklabels.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/webencodings/tests.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/_vendor/webencodings/x_user_defined.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pip/py.typed termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/__pycache__/appdirs.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/__pycache__/zipp.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/appdirs.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/_compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/_legacy.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/_adapters.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/_common.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/_compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/_itertools.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/_legacy.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/abc.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/readers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/importlib_resources/simple.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/jaraco/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/jaraco/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/jaraco/__pycache__/context.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/jaraco/__pycache__/functools.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/jaraco/context.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/jaraco/functools.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/jaraco/text/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/jaraco/text/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/more_itertools/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/more_itertools/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/more_itertools/__pycache__/more.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/more_itertools/__pycache__/recipes.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/more_itertools/more.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/more_itertools/recipes.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/__about__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/__about__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/_manylinux.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/_musllinux.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/_structures.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/markers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/requirements.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/specifiers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/tags.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/utils.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/_manylinux.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/_musllinux.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/_structures.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/markers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/requirements.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/specifiers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/tags.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/utils.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/packaging/version.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/actions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/common.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/core.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/helpers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/results.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/testing.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/unicode.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/actions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/common.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/core.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/diagram/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/diagram/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/exceptions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/helpers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/results.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/testing.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/unicode.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/pyparsing/util.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/_vendor/zipp.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/extern/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/pkg_resources/extern/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools-65.5.0.dist-info/INSTALLER termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools-65.5.0.dist-info/LICENSE termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools-65.5.0.dist-info/METADATA termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools-65.5.0.dist-info/RECORD termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools-65.5.0.dist-info/REQUESTED termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools-65.5.0.dist-info/WHEEL termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools-65.5.0.dist-info/entry_points.txt termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools-65.5.0.dist-info/top_level.txt termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/_deprecation_warning.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/_entry_points.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/_imp.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/_importlib.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/_path.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/_reqs.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/archive_util.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/build_meta.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/dep_util.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/depends.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/discovery.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/dist.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/extension.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/glob.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/installer.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/launch.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/logging.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/monkey.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/msvc.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/namespaces.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/package_index.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/py34compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/sandbox.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/unicode_utils.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/wheel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/__pycache__/windows_support.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_deprecation_warning.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/_collections.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/_functools.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/_macos_compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/_msvccompiler.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/archive_util.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/bcppcompiler.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/ccompiler.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/core.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/cygwinccompiler.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/debug.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/dep_util.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/dir_util.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/dist.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/errors.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/extension.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/fancy_getopt.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/file_util.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/log.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/msvc9compiler.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/msvccompiler.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/py38compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/py39compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/text_file.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/unixccompiler.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/__pycache__/versionpredicate.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/_collections.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/_functools.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/_macos_compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/_msvccompiler.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/archive_util.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/bcppcompiler.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/ccompiler.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/cmd.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/_framework_compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_dumb.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_rpm.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/build.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/build_clib.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/build_ext.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/build_py.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/build_scripts.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/check.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/clean.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/config.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/install.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/install_data.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/install_egg_info.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/install_headers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/install_lib.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/install_scripts.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/py37compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/register.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/sdist.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/__pycache__/upload.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/_framework_compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/bdist.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/bdist_dumb.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/bdist_rpm.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/build.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/build_clib.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/build_ext.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/build_py.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/build_scripts.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/check.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/clean.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/config.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/install.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/install_data.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/install_egg_info.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/install_headers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/install_lib.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/install_scripts.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/py37compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/register.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/sdist.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/command/upload.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/config.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/core.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/cygwinccompiler.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/debug.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/dep_util.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/dir_util.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/dist.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/errors.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/extension.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/fancy_getopt.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/file_util.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/filelist.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/log.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/msvc9compiler.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/msvccompiler.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/py38compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/py39compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/spawn.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/sysconfig.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/text_file.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/unixccompiler.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/util.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/version.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_distutils/versionpredicate.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_entry_points.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_imp.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_importlib.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_itertools.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_path.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_reqs.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/__pycache__/ordered_set.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/__pycache__/typing_extensions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/__pycache__/zipp.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/__pycache__/_collections.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/__pycache__/_compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/__pycache__/_functools.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/__pycache__/_meta.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/__pycache__/_text.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/_adapters.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/_collections.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/_compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/_functools.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/_itertools.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/_meta.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_metadata/_text.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/_common.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/_compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/_legacy.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/abc.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/readers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/__pycache__/simple.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/_adapters.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/_common.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/_compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/_itertools.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/_legacy.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/abc.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/readers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/importlib_resources/simple.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/jaraco/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/jaraco/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/jaraco/__pycache__/context.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/jaraco/__pycache__/functools.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/jaraco/context.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/jaraco/functools.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/jaraco/text/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/jaraco/text/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/more_itertools/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/more_itertools/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/more_itertools/__pycache__/more.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/more_itertools/__pycache__/recipes.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/more_itertools/more.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/more_itertools/recipes.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/ordered_set.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/__about__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/__about__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/_manylinux.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/_musllinux.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/_structures.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/markers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/requirements.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/specifiers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/tags.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/utils.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/__pycache__/version.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/_manylinux.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/_musllinux.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/_structures.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/markers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/requirements.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/specifiers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/tags.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/utils.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/packaging/version.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/actions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/common.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/core.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/helpers.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/results.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/testing.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/unicode.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/__pycache__/util.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/actions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/common.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/core.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/diagram/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/diagram/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/exceptions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/helpers.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/results.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/testing.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/unicode.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/pyparsing/util.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/tomli/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/tomli/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/tomli/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/tomli/__pycache__/_re.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/tomli/__pycache__/_types.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/tomli/_parser.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/tomli/_re.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/tomli/_types.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/typing_extensions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/_vendor/zipp.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/archive_util.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/build_meta.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/cli-32.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/cli-64.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/cli-arm64.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/cli.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/alias.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/bdist_egg.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/bdist_rpm.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/build.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/build_clib.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/build_ext.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/build_py.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/develop.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/dist_info.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/easy_install.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/editable_wheel.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/egg_info.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/install.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/install_egg_info.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/install_lib.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/install_scripts.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/py36compat.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/register.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/rotate.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/saveopts.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/sdist.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/setopt.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/test.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/upload.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/__pycache__/upload_docs.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/alias.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_egg.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_rpm.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/build.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/build_clib.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/build_ext.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/build_py.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/develop.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/dist_info.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/easy_install.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/editable_wheel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/egg_info.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_egg_info.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_lib.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_scripts.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/launcher manifest.xml termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/py36compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/register.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/rotate.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/saveopts.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/sdist.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/setopt.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/test.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/upload.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/command/upload_docs.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/__pycache__/_apply_pyprojecttoml.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/__pycache__/expand.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/__pycache__/pyprojecttoml.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/__pycache__/setupcfg.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/_apply_pyprojecttoml.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/_validate_pyproject/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/_validate_pyproject/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/_validate_pyproject/__pycache__/error_reporting.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/_validate_pyproject/__pycache__/extra_validations.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/_validate_pyproject/__pycache__/fastjsonschema_exceptions.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/_validate_pyproject/__pycache__/fastjsonschema_validations.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/_validate_pyproject/__pycache__/formats.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/_validate_pyproject/error_reporting.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/_validate_pyproject/extra_validations.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/_validate_pyproject/fastjsonschema_exceptions.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/_validate_pyproject/fastjsonschema_validations.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/_validate_pyproject/formats.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/expand.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/pyprojecttoml.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/config/setupcfg.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/dep_util.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/depends.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/discovery.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/dist.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/errors.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/extension.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/extern/__init__.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/extern/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-311.pyc termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/glob.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/gui-32.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/gui-64.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/gui-arm64.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/gui.exe termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/installer.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/launch.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/logging.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/monkey.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/msvc.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/namespaces.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/package_index.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/py34compat.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/sandbox.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/script (dev).tmpl termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/script.tmpl termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/unicode_utils.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/version.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/wheel.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/lib/python3.11/site-packages/setuptools/windows_support.py termux-adduser
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/shared/termux-adduser/home/alpy-combiler/pyvenv.cfg termux-adduser
